well I'm doing right now by Spence Karen
who has how I mean they've secured the
buy spot for along with the Marlins for
playoffs how confident do you feel now
that you've been able to lock in top -
uh yeah so it definitely feels great
lucky and top two because we get to buy
but I think all of the teams are going
into playoffs from NSS looks really
strong so I think the buy is great but
usually I like the more experience you
get it from the players that's pretty
important so I don't honestly I don't
really care if we get to buy or not but
all the teams looks pretty strong so
yeah I'm excited now do you think they
all look really strong or do they all
look really weak because I definitely
know they're all close to each other but
I've seen some interesting moments where
teams just like suddenly lose the
leading it's one of the very bottom
teams or something so realistically do
you think all the NA teams look really
strong right now are people like still
figuring their out with all these
patches yeah I mean it's always hard to
say because you don't really play
against all the meetings like every week
right so I think I think the analysis is
looking pretty strong so that's just my
opinion like Dignitas we have a lot of
trouble against them ratio to against
them in the season right so I'm excited
going up against them and playoffs to
permit them because this is looking so
strong and symmetry models yeah yeah I
mean immortal says like very strong
indeed talking about the patches how do
you feel about the most recent patches
that have hit and also the ones that are
on the horizon because I know they have
a great deal of change in them feel like
a long time ago players stop complaining
and they just say well you know a tests
our ability to adapt you know but I'm
legitimately how concerned are you about
all the changes all the time yeah I mean
I get pretty chilled whenever I see a
big playoff patch like that's always
attached before playoffs and it's always
big and I had issues with like I talked
for like a ride and stuff and they're
like we don't do that I don't literally
next season there's a big patch before
players and like every single time
pretty annoying this time I like right
now there's a big patch as well and then
it's another even bigger pest like the
four players again so I think they
change they just this time they don't
really do that big change this is just
know if like no fur buff a lot of small
changes or like so it's like I'll be
pity not to be a mid laner because like
all the control majors is getting
nervous right now so it's just super
wait so we don't even know like what the
meta is going to be for yourself
yeah why don't you come in a little bit
so we get you out of the Sun now I'm
also quite curious because we were
talking about this on our podcast this
week how do you feel about the fact that
right seems to be more eager to hotfix
stuff because I would think that you
know in one sense it's like alright
that's taking the Opie out of the
way but the other problem is that
whenever you HOT fix something if you
HOT fix it after a couple days has come
out like players have tried to get used
to that champion because it's going to
be really strong or they might have to
play against it and suddenly it's not
even an issue they kind of wasted all
their time so how do you feel about you
know right hot fixes and how valuable
they are for you guys so if I was just a
solar crew player I would love the hot
fixes because you don't really have to
add a it's not as important but for
pre-made I like for LCS it's kind of
annoying
if if it happens but I mean I didn't
have issues with it yet so I can't
really say but yeah I could imagine that
how annoying it is if you spend like two
days of screams on one champion because
it's Opie and then they just ignore fit
for the LCS week still so you wasted
like all the time on the champion so
yeah I mean I didn't encountered yet so
Canada said any bigger than your team
encounter you think uh you know
doublelift was complaining about the
desk blade stuff I assumed he played a
lot of dust blade and then obviously
there's a dust plague a fixer oh yeah
yeah yeah it's just yeah it's just like
annoying but we can deal with it so not
not that big of a deal but annoying
I was talking to contracts a second ago
and we were talking about the state of
junglers he were over there I don't know
if you heard any other stuff but he
feels as though he's topped to jungler
right now he named it smithy as the
other guy how do you feel about the fact
that you're not getting included in this
ah I mean maybe it's annoying I get I
guess it's kind of annoying
but I mean tomcee and playoffs we're
gonna seem players who's the best so
yeah that's all I have to say so you you
don't agree with his assessment I mean I
don't want some cocky but yeah maybe I'm
like top three I'm final thing top three
all right so maybe Xfinity contracts and
then you is that what you feel like
that's okay yeah that's our type of I'll
take that why that's nice it's a nice
little negotiation we got going here
other than that how are things going
behind the scenes with TSM we never ever
are truly known you know like Bjork soon
might be screaming at people
doublelift has reportedly negative
attitude issues that we've heard about
before do you feel abused anything you
know how are things going
she um well I think it's all going
pretty good like we we didn't do that
well at one point and LCS so we took
like just no time off currently so it's
going to be good after the last week of
elses because we acted like two days
off which we didn't have we didn't have
a day off the last month or something so
yeah that's going to be great to like
just relax a bit and yeah we just took a
lot of time to like Sakura us up to now
are you are you worried at all about
that
because this is a weird thing where
suddenly there's two weeks off and are
you going to take time off for that or
you do you feel like it's more important
to buckle down with those two weeks and
prep for playoffs like how does that
work for you uh yeah I mean since I just
said that we didn't get a break since
the last month so since we got the top
to secure on I think we're going to say
like are going to take the break sorry I
thought you said you were taking a break
previously oh no we we didn't take a
break now so we're going to take like
two or three days now before we do no
break for hotels I gotcha I gotcha
all right trying to think if there's
anything else here at the end of the
interview but I think I've asked you
pretty much everything I want to is
there anything that you would like to
say to any of the TSM fans thanks for
supporting me yeah it feels great when
you guys cheer for me and that is all
very good well thank you so much for the
interview span everyone else you can
check out the rest of our coverage of
all things LCS here on my youtube
channel Wow wasn't that interviewer ride
it certainly was for me I watched the
whole thing as I'm filming this outro I
totally know which interview this video
is being attached to you can check out
the rest of my coverage here sub and you
know check out Travis Khafre com support